thirty three days until exams the
countdown is on and I have so much to do
I may or may not be panicking right now
but come on Paige let's stay calm and
make a plan this video it was filmed on
Monday the 22nd of April the day before
my MA kicks out
whizzing forward a few weeks and there
you have it my first exam on the 25th of
May now we know how much time I've got
to work with I'm on a mission with the
help of my calculator flashcards paper
pens I'm ready to smash these exams but
wait for it here's the most important
thing a folder of all the stuff I need
tonight oh and those folders up there
too let's make a to-do list for the day
before I get too overwhelmed my tasks
were a mixture of cramming for my mock
exam the next day and also getting
prepared for town to start once lectures
get going there's far less time to
revise old content and there's only a
week between lectures ending and exams
starting I got started with some pass
paper questions from my class called
dynamics course I first attempted them
under timed conditions and without
looking at my lecture notes as it would
be in the real exam after making a full
attempt I had to get out my lecture
notes and my flashcards and add anything
to my answer that I think could improve
it these questions were actually set for
me to complete by my supervisor so I've
now handed them in and they're going to
mark them for me sadly at universities
amar schemes are not as readily
available as they are at school one task
completes at this point I decided it was
time for a lunch break with such lovely
weather it was definitely a day for a
picnic I popped down to the kitchen and
made the cutest little packed lunch ever
it had more like sandwiches it had fruit
it had chocolate what more could you
want
[Music]
[Applause]
the wisteria in first quart comes into
full bloom this time of year it's so
pretty I love walking through this part
of college I'd organised to meet my
friends in a nearby park so it was nice
to get out get some fresh air and
stretch my legs and here we are enjoying
the Sun as you probably all know by now
the Sun puts me in a very very good mood
meal times are very much my social times
at the moment and I enjoy chatting with
my friends in my revision breaks
[Music]
my plan was to go straight to the shops
after lunchtime so that I didn't have to
leave college again later in the day I
was in desperate need of new pencils and
most importantly flashcards they are
vital to my exam success and of course I
went to will code like where else would
I go and we may have made the slight
detour to Primark as well like I was at
the shops it made sense retail therapy
is a thing look at that grin just to
illustrate how desperate I was for new
pencils this was my last remaining
pencil versus the new ones I bought tick
that task off after my extended
lunchbreak
it was definitely time to go to the
library I've recently found that I'm
more focused when I'm working in the
library compared to when I'm in my room
and the wisteria makes another
appearance I mean can you blame me for
showing it off
[Music]
the struggle of finding a seat in the
library during exam time but don't worry
guys I eventually had success here's my
little workstation on this particular
afternoon I was revising my oscillations
waves and optics course I have a set
process I like to follow when I'm
revising any topic in depth firstly I go
through the lecture notes on that
particular topic
I highlight annotate and try and commit
to memory then I move on to my
flashcards on that same topic I've made
most of these over the course of the
year but I'll add any more if necessary
I go through them a couple of times and
then I move on to the real test I write
out on a piece of paper all the key
points in the lecture notes I've just
read over and I do this from memory as
well it's a real test to see if
everything in the topic is ingrained in
my head after a few hours of this I'd
had enough
I left the library to find my friends
and go to dinner freedom
in the summer the college always runs a
barbecue on Mondays and here's what you
want to see my half-eaten chicken kebab
it was actually quite tasty and I sat
outside again with my friends
afterwards I returned to the library for
about an hour just to tie up loose ends
from revision I've been doing earlier in
the week there are just some small
details in some topics I wanted to recap
in advance of my mock the next day time
went quickly as it always does when
exams are approaching and soon enough it
was time for me to head back to my room
at least there's still daylight in the
summer evenings I spent the rest of the
evening in my room doing a time to
passed paper is the last thing I do
before any tests and it gets me into
exam
[Music]
[Applause]
and that's the final three tasks ticked
off from the afternoon and evenings work
happy times I packed up my paper and
pencils ready for the next day and then
it was definitely time for bed thank you
for watching it would make my day if you
like and subscribe and I'll see you soon
bye
[Music]